Did you ever perform in a ballet?
Hmm...
Okay. Oh, are they all like what?
Was it like some of them were they modern like music or was it all like classical?
Okay... Peace out.
Okay.
Okay...
Of course...
Oh, that's funny.
Hmm...
Ohhhh...
Very modern. So what pieces did you do?
(***) for that
I love you. (***)
I see you...
Hmm...
I know where my help comes from, something like that. (***)
Ohhh... Is it give me, give me his stuff? Does it say that on here?
Hmmmm....  okeay...
I'll have to check it out.
Ha, ha, ha...
So like ballerinas, Monday...   (***)when they perform.
What do you think their face supposed to look like effects very like...
serious or very smiley.
That they tell you to do or just depend on the feeling of the...
I like the...(***)
Oh. (***)
Yeah...
Ha.. ha..ha..  You guys are like,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha...
Ballet. Violin.
What else do you do? That's like two things that are so hard and amazing.
You're very traditional, that's the program.
Ohhhh...
Are we talking about poetry, short stories, novel, manga?
Haa.. ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Okay.
Nice...
What was your last year  story about...?
Fantasy, the last fantasy thing you wrote.
you
Oh...mum..
Ohhhh...
Wow...
It sounds like all kinds of stuff is mixed in likw
I mean with the lusher and like even the...
Thriller because you got your politics in there.
The magic...Did you go on like everybody
all the characters have their own powers or their own...
Okay...   Ohhhh....
That would be cool.
for you to expand on and I bet you you could take it to like...
Maybe submit the story and then maybe they could turn it into a...
Animated feature film
And then you can say, oh, I remember Larissa.
and she told me about this yeah so i'm gonna i'm gonna share this academy award with her
Ha.... haa...  ha...
Ha...  ha... ha...
Yeah...I want the big one. There's the director and then there's me.
Thank you.
Ha,ha,ha, Hi... Yeah
I mean you sound so accomplished
Ha... ha... ha...
But sometimes it's good to just...
Know a lot a little about a lot.
And then  One thing that you know a lot about but it's good to know a little bit
about a lot of stuff because then you can connect with people
Hmm...
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah.
Oh good, I'm glad you are.